Bulk Enablement Updates (#7842)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/autopilot/03-enable-autopilot.md

1. Click the <i className="fa fa-robot"></i>**Autopilot** icon in the Global Primary Navigation.

> 1. Under **Autopilot Sites**, click the link under **READY TO DEPLOY**

Reviewer: Remove this item and image referring to "ready to deploy". This is related to a different PR we're working on I believe.

   To enable a single site, click the **Activate** button. There, you have the option to [customize the Autopilot setup](#autopilot-setup-wizard). You can also access the setup wizard by clicking on the site name.
   
   ![Autopilot customize setup button](../../../images/autopilot/customize-setup.png)   

   To enable sites in bulk, select the sites you wish to activate, and click the **Activate Autopilot** button. You can select up to 100 sites. Please note that you cannot access the Autopilot Setup Wizard when enabling in bulk.

   ![Autopilot Overview page shows the Activate Autopilot button](../../../images/autopilot/bulk-enablement.png)

1. Select the deployment destination: Dev, Test, or Live.

   <Alert title="Note"  type="info" >

   Autopilot will pre-select a few pages for visual regression testing and will set the frequency to weekly by default.
   
   </Alert>
      
   During setup, use the buttons at the bottom to navigate between steps. If you use the browser's back button instead of **Go Back**, you'll lose any unsaved changes.

## Autopilot Setup Wizard   

> The Autopilot setup wizard automatically displays after you activate Autopilot for a site. You must complete all items in the Configuration, Schedule, and Visual Review steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Autopilot setup wizard automatically displays after you click "Customize" when activating Autopilot for a single site. You must complete all items in the Configuration, Schedule, and Visual Review steps. 
```
